Update SE-0409 to reflect change in the expected Swift 6 behavior (#2483)
swiftlang/swift-evolution: proposals/0409-access-level-on-imports.md

apply that information when type-checking the source file,
and determine when indirect clients can skip loading transitive dependencies.
We then cover other concerns addressed by this proposal:

> the different default access levels of imports in Swift 5 and 6, and a future language mode,

Author: @Jumhyn Please let me know if you have a suggestion to improve the wording of `Swift 5 and 6, and a future language mode`. I think referencing only Swift 5 would be confusing but this adds some complexity.

Reviewer: How about "Swift 5/6 and a future language mode"; otherwise, the first "and" can still be parsed as where the difference lies (i.e., between 5 and 6).

Author: Good idea, it makes it much more readable. I've applied your suggestion.

The module interface associated with a hidden dependency doesn't need to be distributed to clients.
However, the binary associated to the module still needs to be distributed to execute the resulting program.

### Default import access level in Swift 5/6 and a future language mode

The access level of a default import declaration without an explicit access-level modifier depends on the language version.
We list here the implicit access levels and reasoning behind this choice.

In Swift 5/6, an import is `public` by default.
This choice preserves source compatibility.
The only official import previously available in Swift 5 behaves like the public import proposed in this document.

In a future language mode, an import is `internal` by default.
This will align the behavior of imports with declarations where the implicit access level is internal.
It should help limit unintentional dependency creep as marking a dependency public will require an explicit modifier.

As a result, the following import is `public` in Swift 5/6 and `internal` in a future language mode:
```swift
import ADependency
```

> The future language change will likely break source compatibility for libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The future language change will likely require source changes in code that adopts the new language mode.  It will not break source compatibility for code that remains on current language modes.
```

A migration tool could automatically insert the `public` modifier where required.
Where the tool is unavailable, a simple script can insert a `public` modifier in front of all imports to preserve the Swift 5 behavior.

The upcoming feature flag `InternalImportsByDefault` will enable the future language behavior even when using Swift 5 or 6.

### Interactions with other modifiers on imports

The `@_exported` attribute is a step above a `public` import,
as clients see the imported module declarations is if they were part of the local module.
With this proposal, `@_exported` is accepted only on public import declarations,

> both with the modifier or the default public visibility in Swift 5/6 mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
both with the modifier or the default `public` visibility in current language modes.
```

## Source compatibility

> To preserve source compatibility, imports are public by default in Swift 5/6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To preserve source compatibility, imports are public by default in current language modes, including Swift 6.
```
